the food and atmosphere are fit for a
king and Dino and Maria have been rockin
and rollin for many years here at the
steak and catfish barn serving great
food with a wonderful Flair service and
personality
the atmosphere is simply fun and as you
can tell the memorabilia on the walls
reflect that Plus everyone gets involved
pick this puzzle for instance Maria Dino
the staff and customers all worked on it
and now it's on the wall for everyone to
enjoy
we're big Ellis fans anyway we might
just play Elvis at lunch all day so we
might get bitch to play that night also
and people have actually just brought a
lot of these pictures in here I mean
that have been memorabilia sat their
house and they go yeah I'm really liking
and I always give them the option if you
want it back just go grab it off the
wall and and take it so who are these
fun customers well they were made up of
quite a mixture of folks from Edmond
Guthrie Langston Arcadia and more a lot
of ranch people come out here people
that are farmers ranchers and then at
night there's a lot of business people
these are people that work downtown and
in Oklahoma City and other jobs and they
want to get away from that that that
rush rush rush and come out here to
where they don't have to dress up and
feel comfortable and bring the kids or
the grandkids and of course what keeps
the customer coming back is the service
from the excellent staff and the catfish
well that's what this was and that would
that essentially with the people with no
friends with the customers when we met
with the people we became friends
I don't feel alike you know my custom
you're coming here you eat give me my
money and that's it we're getting bolder
with it with the customer we are really
trying to lead people so we're like you
know to build our friendship not just
the business and speaking of business
Maria and Dino now have expanded and
they have a stake in catfish downtown
along with Batali's Italian kitchen and
Cantina the Italian food is first-rate
but it still all comes back to the
catfish a dino says you have to clean
the catfish properly and it's all about
the breading and the recipe is a secret
so don't ask
but there's another secret to their
success the secret is is that we can
outwork everybody we outwork them
regarding we won today we get in the
kitchen and we get involved and and the
girls know this and they need help out
front we're gonna come help them out
front we're gonna make it as food that's
make the operation run as smooth as
possible and attitude is very important
you got to have an upbeat attitude and
also we thought that people we work as a
team and it's teamwork behind this new
and fun delivery system to the downtown
customers so Dino and Maria are still
rockin and definitely rolling in
Oklahoma City I'm Dino Lalli